Good morning, family. How are you
all
doing today? I'm feeling better, so I
appreciate your prayers. My throat
feels stronger, my voice and all that,
so I appreciate everybody praying for
me, my wife, and my children.
It's been some kind of
virus, but God is good,
and we're getting better in
Jesus'name.
You know, I guess every one of you has
heard
so many people talk about what we
prayed. I told you all that we were
praying for Pennsylvania, and sure
enough,
there was stuff uncovered in
Pennsylvania this morning. I
don't watch a lot of the
news, but somebody sent emails
to my wife telling her that we
uncovered things in the spirit and it
happened in the
natural—2,000-some-odd
fake ballots. She was reading
me the article; it says they found out
60 percent of all the voting in
that area was fake. To God
be the glory; that was in Pennsylvania.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are making a
difference in the spirit realm, so I want
to encourage you all that this is
working. Of course, prayer works, so
don't get weary in
well-doing.
You say, "I don't see anything,"well,
it doesn't
matter what you see. We're not
moved by what we see; we're not moved by
what we feel; we're moved by what the
word of God says. We stand on
what the word says we can have and we
can do, and we do whatever the Bible says
we can do. I want to get excited
about what God's doing already in
just a couple of days of prayer with you
all since I've been back from the
prayer conference. I'm going to
start doing things with different
backgrounds, and I came
outside in my backyard to take
this video by my pink bushes because
I thought it was kind of fun instead of
doing it in the house. We
had a politician's wife reach
out to us asking for prayer.
It
sounds like they are
spirit-filled
if they watch this channel and
are Christians who love the Lord,
because
they wouldn't be watching any other way,
I guess. They're asking for prayer
for his election because he's running
for office in Oregon,
of all
places, where it's very liberal, so he
needs a lot of prayer. Who
is this, babe? Darin Harbick.
Darin Harbick is
running for state representative
for House District 12 in Oregon. He's
running
for House District 12 in the
House of
Oregon. I hope she said
that loud enough; I'll say it
again: Darin Harbick is running for state
representative for House District 12
here in Oregon.
We're going to believe God with him
today that he's going to have favor and
that the people would come out in a
liberal state and vote for
him, because all things are possible
to him that believe. Folks, I believe
this is the time that we start to
see the salt rise up in these
last days and we become saltier.
It's time that we become
the flavor,
the ones that people are
looking to, saying, "Man, there's something
different about them."I'm believing
that Darin Harbick is going to come to
a different level with the Lord in all
of this and be able to help lead those
liberals out of the darkness like Moses
did.
I gave
the word about the acceleration of war in
Europe over a year ago.
I told you I saw the angel
and the bottomless pit get released, and
the Lord called this angel the
great Apollyon. The Lord said it's
going to be released from that pit, and I
saw the angel go down and undo
his chains.
There was a
huge
lock, and those chains
came off of him and he started spinning
like a top all over Europe. He went
over and started
influencing Vladimir Putin. Here we
see North Korea join in with Vladimir
Putin, sending—some say 3,000 troops,
some say 11,000 troops—to help
the
Russian army with their equipment
and everything.
We're seeing an acceleration of war just
like the Lord warned you was coming,
and he told me to tell you that this
is not a time to shrink back; it's
a time we take more
land for Jesus. We're going to see
wars and rumors of wars,
pestilences, and plagues.
Men's hearts will fail them
for fear for looking after those things
that are coming on the earth, and people
are going to get all paranoid.
But
not the household of faith, not you
and I, because we have a
greater covenant. We understand who we
are in Christ, and we understand that
greater is He that is in me than he that
is in the world. We're not of this
world; we're joint heirs with Jesus
Christ, seated with Him in the
heavenlies, far above all principalities
and powers.
Anytime I give a word, it's
never for you to walk in fear; it's
for you to understand the signs of the
times.
You have to get the
revelation of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23
inside of your heart like a pillar. You
need to be rooted and grounded
in faith. Faith comes by
hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Understanding
the power and the authority of the name
of Jesus
is
the only way you're going to
survive what's coming. Great
dark days are
coming—gross
darkness is coming on this
earth—but
great light will shine on us like
it did with the children of
Israel
in
Goshen.
We will have the
light on us; the light's going to get
lighter and the dark is going to get
darker.
We
keep our eyes on Jesus because He is our
Redeemer and the lifter of our
heads. We get excited about what God
is doing through you
and
me.
The only Jesus some people will see
is the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
Let them
see that glory resonating on you like it
did Moses. It's called coming up higher
with the fire.
He said,
"Brandon, I want you to remind them
that
great sobering days are
coming."But
be
ye filled with the Holy
Spirit,
overflowing on the new wine of the Holy
Spirit. He used an
illustration with
me
from
Mary Poppins.
I
love to laugh, like Dick Van
Dyke
when they were bouncing on the
ceilings, laughing and
saying, "I love to laugh, ha
ha ha!"Devil,
you're not
going to get my joy today;
I'm bubbling with
the Holy Ghost.
We have to
be
filled with the Spirit
because
of
those things
coming upon us. I
prophesied
signs in the
heaven—I
didn't even
know a comet was coming.
Comment down
below if you saw the comet about a week ago.
The Lord
warned me there will be fearful
signs in the heavens,
with asteroids
and falling stars.
I don't
try to add to or take away from anything
the Lord has shown me; I just tell you
we
pray. The Lord warned
me about Pennsylvania,
Texas and Ted Cruz,
Nevada, and Arizona.
He
even showed me Alabama
concerning the Senate.
I get off on these rabbit trails,
but I know the Lord has me
say this for you.
I
want to tell you a really
cool
testimony.
A lady walked up to us and
told us she went to the revival
when we were talking about the glory.
She said for 17 years after a car
accident, she wasn't able to
lift her hands
above her head. When the power of God
came on her during that
tent meeting, the Lord
miraculously healed her arms.
She was praising the Lord in
front of us, lifting her hands;
her arm was
completely healed.
She
described
the glory cloud
as
if
she'd been dipped
in gel and was just breathing it in.
The power of God
changed her life.
It's time to go even higher.
I warned
you all about BRICS and everybody said,
"October's been a big
nothingburger."It
ain't over
yet!
I said there's
something about October regarding the
financial sector that we have to watch.
BRICS
had a meeting October
22nd to the 24th, which was yesterday.
They were talking about exactly
what
I told you: I saw the prince of
Saudi Arabia, Russia, and Xi Jinping
in a meeting privately talking about
a digital platform with the
BRICS
nations so they could split
away from using American
dollars,
using the BRICS dollar as the
global currency.
The prince,
MBS—whom
I believe
is
the
Antichrist—was
using that as a platform to
come against America. Then I saw it
fan
out over Africa, the Middle
East, and South America. I
saw
that Trump was in
power and he had to create a new
currency with Mexico and Canada
to try to create a stronger dollar.
I warned you about four
oak trees, and the Lord said
this
represents
four years
of a presidency. In the first
year, it came on suddenly
and
got very
dark. People were not
prepared and were struggling
financially; everybody lost
everything when the leaves
fell off, though the oak
tree stayed strong. People were
wearing
shorts and shirts, and the storm came in.
The second year, people
looked
broke down, but the
last two years,
things started getting better.
Those
oak trees
became
plugged into 220-volt electric power
and
started glowing with the
glory.
Evangelism started
coming forth out of the oak tree—out
of an
old 1950s
tent revival microphone.
That's when the Lord
told me there will be great Brush
Arbor
churches and a great harvest revival
coming again.
There's
going to be no denominational barriers;
I saw all the Catholics,
Baptists, and
Methodists
becoming one body with one purpose:
to spread the
good news of Jesus Christ.
I'm believing
for a billion-soul harvest.
Today
the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm calling
you to do
prayer."He
said it will be unusual for you and your
wife to pray on this camera and bring
the glory into people's
houses. What an honor to
believe with you right now that He
is your healer.
I believe today is
your day for healing.
Let's
not
believe for
tomorrow; let's believe for today.
Reach out in simple faith, just
like the woman with the issue of blood.
Virtue went out of the Lord's body
and she didn't
bleed
anymore. The same
Holy Spirit is doing
it even now.
It's the Great
Commission:
we would lay hands on the
sick and they would recover.
The extraordinary
should be ordinary. I like that; that's a
T-shirt: "The extraordinary should
be
ordinary."I
want you to believe God for
the
supernatural
today—spirit,
soul, and body. Don't
accept anything the devil has
for you.
He
bore all our sicknesses and carried all
our griefs.
Some people say,
"I've
had an abortion,
God
will
never forgive
me."Jesus
loves you; He doesn't
hold that against you. You've got to
forgive yourself,
repent, and turn from your wicked
ways. The moment
you confess it,
He
is
there
to
forgive
it.
That's
the
moment
you got
rid of it
and
it
was
washed in the
blood. Be bold about grace
and
renew your mind
with
scripture.
If
you
confess your sins, He is faithful and
just to
cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
Whatever the devil meant for
bad, God will turn it for good in your
favor.
So let's believe God today for more
uncovering of
ballot
corruption
and
exposing of darkness.
Father, we
thank You right now in the
name of Jesus for every single person
represented here and
for
Darin
Harbick.
Father, we lift up Darin
Harbick
before You
and
thank You for supernatural favor.
I thank You
that
Oregon will turn red in the
name of Jesus. I thank You for
someone
bold who has
the
confidence to run for office in
a
predominantly liberal state.
I thank You
that
the righteous will come out and
vote, and even the people who are
not righteous would vote for him; they
may not even know why,
but they're just going to
fill in his
bubble. I
thank You, Lord, that
David-like
boldness
would rest on him, and
when he wins,
he will have supernatural wisdom
like Solomon to lead that
area out of their bondage. I thank
You that it would spread
through Portland and all of Oregon.
We give it
all to the
glory of God.
Father,
we
thank You
that in Pennsylvania all those
votes were uncovered; we know
there's much more.
We believe even
in Texas this will be
exposed.
You
have
to
tear off the
bandage to clean
the wound, and I thank You, Lord,
that there is a cleaning of
a
nasty war wound.
We believe
these states are turning in a Red
Wave in Jesus'name. I call
for
protection over Ted Cruz
and
his
family. I pray that
his time is not over yet
and that this
would be a landslide victory for him.
We don't yell at the
devil; we tell you to get under our feet
because we have authority over you.
We say, "Stop this now."We call
our
angels
to war on our behalf today, God. We
thank You, Lord, that these voting districts
will not be
corrupted by mail-in
ballots
or
Dominion machines.
We
believe we receive Your hand on
the
situation concerning Nevada,
Arizona, Texas,
and
Pennsylvania.
We consider it done.
We're not
begging; we're believing.
We're "believing believers."Lord,
we
thank
You.
I
believe
You're moving
on
behalf of
America.
I had a great bald eagle
fly right over us
the
other
day—two
huge bald eagles flying
in the sky over our house. I
said, "Wow, Lord, that's
prophetic."Father,
we thank You
for healthy kidneys for Joyce.
She's
always
asking in the comment section, "I'm
still standing for healthy kidneys for Joyce."Father,
we
stand with
her.
We believe
her kidneys
function and she
doesn't have to go on dialysis
anymore.
You're a God
of restoration.
I
thank You for every person
believing
for their lungs, minds,
emotions, or hearts.
You
are
the Healer.
I
call for the power of God to
go through that camera right now
and touch every
person.
Healing is going
through this
broadcast, through this screen, and
over Your people.
Satan,
we've had enough; get your
hands off God's property! We are healed
and whole.
Ladies
and gentlemen, I believe you're healed.
If
you just received it, tell us about it.
Father, I thank You
for finances for every single
person.
I believe that
as
they go through this weekend,
they
receive
supernatural ideas
to create wealth. I
call
for
an
impartation
of Your divine favor
on their households.
We call their marriages
blessed
and
their children
born again.
We
call you delivered from bad thoughts
and
tormented spirits.
For whom the Son
has set free is free indeed. We speak
to the spirit of depression and
intimidation: be gone in
Jesus'name!
Your word is life
to those
who
find it and health to all their flesh.
Well,
we believe it and we all say, "Amen and
amen."Thank
you for joining me today.
My
son,
Brandon,
is
trying to
make a list of prayer
requests.
We are
powerful together.
Think about
what
sixty
thousand
people
praying
can
do!
The Lord told
me to tell the people
in Asia that there is a supernatural
thing about to take place with prayer.
I saw a great turning in Asia in
the spirit realm.
Asia
is going to have a visitation from
Jesus—China,
Japan.
The
Lord said it seems in the natural that
Asia has been
forgotten, but what
He's about to do in Asia is
going to shake the world.
He said, "Brandon,
tell my people there's something
about prayer
concerning
Asia—a
turning as we
intercede."We
lift up China,
Vietnam,
Japan, South Korea, and North
Korea. We speak
that there will be a great
harvest of souls.
There will be anointing
and the glory of God moved through these
cameras over
Singapore
and
the Philippines.
God
told me they're not forgotten.
Do not grow weary in well-doing; be
of good courage.
There's going to be a great harvest in
your
nations,
even
Japan—all
of it. It's going to
be beautiful.
If you
haven't liked our videos, please like
and
subscribe.
It helps us
with
the
algorithm.
Diana
and
I
both
rejoice with you.
She's holding the camera today.
"I'm
trying my best; I don't know if I'm as
good as
Brandon.""Brandon's
been
doing it for so long, but I appreciate
you
doing
it."Isn't
it pretty out here?
The
atmosphere is good.
Look at
these
tropical
flowers.
I love
flowers; I
used to do the flowers for a
mega-ministry.
I
learned a lot from Brenda, the
lady over the flowers.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you,
and we love you. God bless you
all, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye,
y'all!